
This was written by: Andi Marcu, Iulia Jurja, Andreea Jigarov, Amalia Haprian, Alexandra Mariasiu of team MisteryINC

Our heroine was sitting on a bench at night bathing in the moonlight. Suddenly she heard a noise. When she looked up, she gassped in awe. She couldn t believe her eyes, as she saw: 
She saw a masked man with a bloody knife - move to 420
She saw a handsome young man with flowers in his hand - move to 67
She saw a bird poop on her shirt - move to 127

420
She saw a masked man with a bloody knife. She could feel her heart beating faster and faster. She was scared, but she had to do something. She quickly got up and ran away as fast as she could. She didn t look back until she was sure she was safe. 
Though that wasn't enough , the creepy man was following her relentlessly . She had to find a way to lose him. She ran into a nearby alley and hid behind a dumpster. She held her breath, hoping he wouldn t find her. After a few minutes, she heard footsteps getting closer. She was terrified, but she stayed hidden until the footsteps faded away. 
Catching her breath as quietly as she could she prayed this was just a bad dream. But looking right in front of her she saw the man , standing right in front of her, expresionless through that plastic ghost mask. And in his hand there was... 
A sharp knife - move to 421
A bouquet of flowers - move to 69

69
... a bouquet of flowers? He appologised for starteling her and said he just wanted to give her the flowers, she confused them for a knife. She was still scared but she accepted the flowers and thanked him, after he explained he was comming from a halloween party. They started talking and she found out that he was a nice guy who just wanted to make her day better.  They ended up going on a date and lived happily ever after.

421
... a sharp knife! He attacked her , stabbed her multiple times and left her bleeding on the ground. She was in so much pain, but she managed to crawl to a nearby phone booth and call for help. The police arrived quickly and took her to the hospital. She survived the attack, but she was traumatized for life. She swore she'd never go out at night again alone.

127
but she didn't know what it was exactly. And then an idea came up to her: maybe it's chocolate...and she loves chocolate. So of course she 
couldn't say no to trying it out. She scooped it with her finger and lickeed it until there was nothing left on it.
Then she realised what it really was....and she pucked all over her brand new shirt like it wasn't already ruined.
She turned around to see if anyone else saw here and noticed something she couldn't believe. 
She saw a masked man with a bloody knife - move to 420
A clown was standing right behing her - move to 43

43
with a hat in his hand, smiling widely, from ear to ear. Then he pulled a bunny out of the hat, and handed it to her, saying "Keep it! It's yours now!".
The girl took the bunny home and they lived happily ever after. Until...
The bunny started acting extremely crazy - move to 56
The girl heard reapeating knockings on her door at 3 am in the morning. - move to 100

67
The man had dark green eyes and a big smile on his face. He was wearing a black suit and a red tie. He looked like he was waiting for someone. For her.
She was scared but also curious. She wanted to know who he was and why he was there. She decided to approach him and ask him.
As she got closer and closer to him, she felt her heart pounding like never before. 
She recognised him from the fair she had been to a few days ago. He was the magician who had performed some amazing tricks. She had been mesmerized by his performance and had wanted to talk to him ever since. Now, here he was, standing in front of her, looking even more charming than before.
She gathered all her courage and said: "Hi, I remember you from the fair. You were amazing! I wanted to talk to you but I was too shy. Can we talk now?"
He looked at her and charmingly responded: "Do you wanna see a magic trick?" And he disappeared. She started crying and went home. On her way back, a bird pooped on her shoulder. "This is the worst day ever!!!!" she screamed. 
Then, from behind her, she heard a deep voice: "It can get even worse". She saw a masked man with a bloody knife - move to 420
Then, from behind her, she heard a calming voice: "Booo! Another magic trick" - move to 68

68
The magician had reappeared and was now standing right behind her. She could feel his presence and it made her feel both scared and excited at the same time.
He made a weird move with his hands and at the same time said something that sounded like a spell.
Suddenly, the killer was in the air, wiggling around while being lifted by an invisible force. The magician moved his hand left and right, hitting the killer again and again in the pavement.

70
The killer couldn t believe what he went through. He stood up from the ground, dizzy and said: "Finally, a worthy opponent! Our battle will be legendary!". With a smirk, the magician responded "You can't do anything to me with that dull knife of yours. This beautiful lady will be mine!". With a flick of the wrist, the killer casted a spell that send the magician flying into a nearby tree. "Haha! I am also a magician" he said. The magician got up and, respecting his oponent said: "Screw her, let s go have a beer.". The killer agreed and they created an everlasting brotherly bond.
The girl, amazed left home for good thinking about what a weird day she had. THE END.
